DOCS-9280 Azure Data Lake Example (#1111)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-data-lake/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> == Common Use Cases For the Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Common Use Cases for the Connector
```

> These are some common use cases for Azure Data Lake Connector: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common use cases for Azure Data Lake Storage Connector include the following: 
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY verify: Data Lake or Data Lake Storage

> * Create, read, update, and delete files in an existing Azure Data Lake file system.

Reviewer: Storage?

> * Create, rename, and delete directories from the Azure Data Lake file system.

Reviewer: ditto; GLOBAL
I'll stop marking

To create your Mule app, see:

* xref:azure-data-lake-connector-studio.adoc[Studio Configuration] 
* xref:azure-data-lake-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], with use case information for the connector
+
* Advanced user
+
* Read the following: 

* xref:azure-data-lake-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
* xref:azure-data-lake-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], with use case information for the connector

== Connection Types

Azure Data Lake Storage Connector connections use the following authentication types:

* Azure Active Directory OAuth 2.0 Connection Provider +
Delegates user authentication to the service hosting the user account
* Shared Access Signature +

> Information contained in the SAS token is used to authorize the client request

Reviewer: Reword to make a fragment like its peer...or reword the peer to be a sentence. Parallelism.
If you choose sentences, don't forget the periods.

* Shared Key Connection +
Uses a shared access key that is generated by Azure and used for the storage account

== Next Step

After you complete the prerequisites, you are ready to create an app and configure the connector using xref:azure-data-lake-connector-studio.adoc[Anypoint Studio].

== See Also

* xref:connectors::introduction/introduction-to-anypoint-connectors.adoc[Introduction to Anypoint Connectors]
* xref:connectors::introduction/intro-use-exchange.adoc[Use Exchange to Discover Connectors, Templates, and Examples]

> * xref:azure-data-lake-connector-reference.adoc[Azure Data Lake Connector Reference]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:azure-data-lake-connector-reference.adoc[Azure Data Lake Storage Connector Reference]
```
